Hello everyone and welcome to the machine learning section of the course.
I'm super excited because my passion is mainly on machine learning and it's one of the hardest topics
right now as we speak and it's a great skill to have and aquire and this lecture we're going to walk
you through it quick introduction of what you mean by machine learning more about fishell intelligence
and what they mean by deep learning.
Okay which is kind of a buzz word that we're been listening or hearing to for a long time.
And later on in the course we're going to walk you through three key studies or key.
We're going to discover we're going to classify cancer as a case study.
We're going to classify you know smiling or happy faces using evolution or near and your network enel
going to predict as well revenues and kind of you know kind of a from a business perspective using simple
linear regression.
I'm super excited.
So Keith let's go ahead and start with the introduction section.
So when we mention actual intelligence or machine learning the first thing that comes into mind.
Okay.
These you know like stuff just released into robotics applications and maybe like sci fi movies.
But that's not necessarily true.
OK.
That's not actually true.
So that's the image that we get once we think about official intelligence actually machine learning
or attrition.
Intelligence is literally everywhere around us.
OK.
Can you think of an application for example that you know like that we can apply a machine learning
or artificial intelligence to piece posit video and maybe think of snowfall applications that might
be of value or might apply.
Machine learning or artificial intelligence.
All right.
So let's take a look a couple of applications and actually list of them here too.
So we have tons of applications so for example for face recognition or face facial recognition let's
say Facebook for example or it performs tagging automatic tagging.
That means you know that there's some way of artificial intelligence that had been implemented in the
background.
Seeing for instance it's built on machine learning and artificial intelligence using google search is
built on artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Amazon recommending that the commander system which is when you know for example by let's say a product
and then you'll find that you know like Amazon is it commending to you a couple of other products as
well.
That's a perfect application for machine learning to detecting spam emails for example like you know
like how does the urine or a gene mail for instance classify some emails as spam or ham.
We call it that.
Again this is built on machine learning and artificial intelligence.
And obviously one of the hottest topics or hold one of the hardest fields at the moment is autonomous
vehicles which is how can you let a vehicle drive on its own in different you know weather conditions
and different environmental conditions.
It's very very like you're complex challenging strategy.
And that's again deep learning a special intelligence machine learning techniques and applications are
implemented as well in here.
Okay.
So again that has tons of applications.
It's a great skill to have.
So let's keep going.
So let's take a quick overview of the process of how these machine learning algorithms kind of yonder
in general machine learning as a study of algorithms.
Meaning the teachers computers how to learn from experience.
So the overall idea that we want it to train computers to think as you know is us basically as humans.
OK.
How can we do that.
We do that through experience.
When you say experience which is through training data we feed the lot of teeling data to these machines
of these you know like machine learning algorithms and they learn as we move forward we learn from experience.
And that's kind of you know an overview of the steps.
First we feed the training data to our machine learning model and then what happened is we kind of you
know and data analysis is perform and then we find pattern within the data.
OK I'm going to learn how do we classify you how do you perform or find patterns with the data that
in the data and then the model of perform predictions or make a decision and then these models learn
from experience.
And you know the performance keep going up as more details become available.
That's kind of the overall process for machine learning intelligence.
The class in general the what about at the moment because we're going to take like you know tons of
examples of practically examples.
Dig a little bit more deeper into this process.
So the first was this is kind of one of the most important slides to look at which is the big picture.
What's the difference between artificial intelligence machine learning kind of classification progression
and clustering.
All right.
So first at the you know kind of the highest level in when it comes to artificial intelligence.
Right.
This is basically the science that enables computers to mimic human intelligence.
We wanted to see how our human brain works and we wanted to copy it basically make a copy out of it
you know in a method using mathematical equations using a bunch of codes.
We wanted to replicate or mimic how how do we think humans think which is really powerful because now
you can actually develop like a super hero of you know superpowerful of human beings.
You know I was superpowerful computers there can we be way more intelligent than humans which has been
escape.
Think about it.
So a bunch of celek Within artificial intelligence some of subfields of machine learning robotics computer
vision and there's tons of other you know spheres within it within it within it.
Our main focus in this course is we're going to focus on machine learning in general.
So Machine learning is a subset of official intelligence.
So Machine learning is kind of you know through artificial intelligence.
You know the big picture and within it there is the machine the machine learning simply enables machines
to improve at a past with experience.
So through feeding more of the detailed teaching data we can actually teach the machine you know how
to be or how to learn and how to perform a specific task and how to get better at performing these tasks
over and over again within the machine learning.
There is only three categories there is supervised learning that is unsupervised learning.
And there is what we call the reinforcement learning k.
Ok so supervised learning is simply training algorithm that use labelled.
Input and output.
And we're going to take a quick example right off of the slide in to what they mean by supervised learning.
Simply put when supervised learning we have categorized data we have legal data.
So for example we have let's say seeders of images of dogs and we feed the computer.
We give you an image of a dog and we say okay when you see that image that means a dog.
All right.
It's like teaching you know kind of a kid in a way.
OK.
This is a dog you know you keep repeating this.
You know when you see different images of different kind of breeds of dogs you're provided with a label.
You know you see this is a dog.
This is a dog.
And he keeps repeating this and that's how you know kind of we teach the machine through experience
or through the kinds of teeling dataset in a supervised fashion.
The other way or the other is an old form of subset of machine learning some kind of unsupervised learning.
With this.
These are basically training algorithms that has no label.
So we just feed the data to the network without labelling.
So we just feed a bunch of images of dogs and that's it used there is no label.
We don't tell the computer that this is a dog.
We discover that on its own which is again super powerful if we as humans find it for example difficult
to find different patterns we can feed this data to the machine.
And just in an unsupervised fashion the network would learn on its own.
The third category is one called the reinforcement learning algorithms that take action to maximize
the cumulative reward.
So for example let's assume they were teaching a kid for example to let's say explore the environment.
You leave the kid in a room that has let's say flame or a candle and it has let's say like a like a
bottle for example of water and we let you know that kid discovered that environment on its own.
If the kid moves for example instead say touches the water and let's say drink it.
OK.
He feels good.
Everything looks great.
So it kind of you know why the you water doing this action with let's say plus five points or 10 points
or something like that.
And if the kid for example was around elisei pouches let's say that fire okay we'll get hurt.
So we know that he would be penalized if he touched this and if we keep repeating this you know in a
kind of law enforcement fashion and that's how we teach for example you know what colour the agent to
maximize the reward.
So we leave the agent in an environment and we let adjust learn on its own as well.
Quote from the enforcement fashion or reinforcement learning fashion these are kind of the categories
and this course will get if they focus on supervised learning aspect of it within the supervised learning
there are two categories there is classification and there is aggression.
Okay going to discuss what they mean by classification of aggression in the next lecture and in the
unsupervised learning.
Well getting to use one of the major categories will clustering which is how can we clustered the data
you know which without any labelling will just feed the data in.
And we just you know of the technique of the machine learning algorithm just learns on its own and just
class the deed in a different klosters.
Alright and that's pretty much all for this lecture.
Let's recap what we have covered so far.
So we in this lectures we covered that you know we learned that machine learning is not just robotics
applications that are actually everywhere around us.
There are Siri Facebook face detection Google search Amazon self driving cars and even SPAM and ham
detection email detection.
This is kind of an overview of the process.
You know we feed the tinny data analyze the data find patterns make predictions and decisions and then
learn from experience.
And finally we went through the big picture.
We learned that machine learning is a subset of a of our intelligence and it's mainly categorized in
to see categories supervised unsupervised reinforcement.
And in our Of course women are to mainly focus on this section which is supervised learning classification.
Andrew Gresh Alright I hope you guys enjoy their lecture in the next lecture.
We're going to dig a little deeper into what do you mean by the classification where the embetter aggression
what they mean by reinforcement learning in the little bit more details.
I hope it doesn't do their lectures and see you in the next lecture.